<h2>Returning Series</h2> <p><strong>Already premiered:</strong> Hijack S2, Drops of God S2,
Tehran S3, Shrinking S3, The Last Thing He Told Me
S2, Monarch: Legacy of Monsters S2</p> <p><strong>Spring/Summer:</strong> For All Mankind
S5 (Mar 27), Your Friends &amp; Neighbors S2 (Apr 3),
Criminal Record S2 (Apr 22), Sugar S2 (Jun 19), Ted
Lasso S4 (Summer), Silo S3 (Summer)</p> <p><strong>Fall:</strong> Slow Horses S6,
The Morning Show S5</p> <h2>New Original Series</h2> <p><strong>Eternity</strong> (Feb 13)
— Elizabeth Olsen, Miles Teller. Afterlife romantic comedy. <a href="https://www.apple.com/tv-pr/news/2026/02/apple-tv-sets-must-see-2026-lineup-of-star-studded-original-series-films-and-live-sports/">Read
more →</a></p> <p><strong>Imperfect Women</strong> (Mar 18) — Elisabeth Moss, Kerry
Washington, Kate Mara. Psychological thriller. <a href="https://collider.com/most-anticipated-apple-tv-shows-2026-ranked/">Read more →</a></p> <p><strong>Margo's
Got Money Troubles</strong> (Apr 15) — Elle Fanning, Michelle Pfeiffer,
Nicole Kidman. David E. Kelley comedy-drama. <a href="https://www.apple.com/tv-pr/news/2026/02/apple-tv-sets-must-see-2026-lineup-of-star-studded-original-series-films-and-live-sports/">Read more →</a></p>
<p><strong>Widow's Bay</strong> (Apr 29) — Matthew Rhys. Horror-comedy. <a href="https://www.thewrap.com/creative-content/tv-shows/apple-tv-film-series-slate-2026/">Read
more →</a></p> <p><strong>Maximum Pleasure Guaranteed</strong> (May 20) — Tatiana Maslany.
Dark comedy thriller. <a href="https://www.thewrap.com/creative-content/tv-shows/apple-tv-film-series-slate-2026/">Read more →</a></p> <p><strong>Cape Fear</strong> (Jun
5) — Javier Bardem, Amy Adams. Scorsese reimagining. <a href="https://www.apple.com/tv-pr/news/2026/02/apple-tv-sets-must-see-2026-lineup-of-star-studded-original-series-films-and-live-sports/">Read
more →</a></p> <p><strong>Lucky</strong> (Jul 15) — Anya Taylor-Joy, Annette Bening,
Timothy Olyphant. Limited series. <a href="https://collider.com/most-anticipated-apple-tv-shows-2026-ranked/">Read more →</a></p> <h2>Notable Films</h2>
<p>Outcome (Apr 10) — Keanu Reeves, Cameron Diaz, Martin Scorsese</p>
<p>The Dink (Jul 24) — Pickleball comedy with Ben Stiller</p>
<p>Mayday (Sep 4) — Ryan Reynolds, Kenneth Branagh</p> <p>Matchbox The
Movie (Oct 9) — John Cena</p> <p>Way of the Warrior
Kid (Nov 20) — Chris Pratt</p> <h2>What's NOT Coming in
2026</h2> <p>Severance S3 — Filming starts spring 2026, likely mid-2027
premiere</p> <p>Bad Sisters S3 — Not renewed; creator says S2
was a natural endpoint</p>